---
layout: page
search: false
title: "The CMI Library"
---

<h1>Privacy Policy</h1>

<p>Effective date: August 18, 2020</p>

<p>Library of Christ Mind Teachings ("us", "we", or "our") operates the
https://www.christmind.info website (hereinafter referred to as the
"Service").</p>

<p>This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and
disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have
associated with that data.</p>

<p>We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service,
you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this
policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this
Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions,
accessible from https://www.christmind.info</p>

<h2>Definitions</h2>
<ul>
    <li>
        <p><strong>Service</strong></p>
                <p>Service is the https://www.christmind.info website operated by Library of Christ Mind Teachings</p>
            </li>
    <li>
        <p><strong>Personal Data</strong></p>
        <p>Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).</p>
    </li>
    <li>
        <p><strong>Usage Data</strong></p>
        <p>Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).</p>
    </li>
    <li>
        <p><strong>Cookies</strong></p>
        <p>Cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).</p>
    </li>
    </ul>


<h2>Information Collection and Use</h2>
<p>We collect several different types of information for various purposes to
provide and improve our Service to you.</p>

<h3>Types of Data Collected</h3>

<h4>Personal Data</h4>
<p>While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain
personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you
("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information is limited to:</p>

<ul>
    <li>Email address</li>
    <li>First name and last name</li>
    <li>Cookies and Usage Data</li>
</ul>

<p>We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters that may be of
interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these
communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or the instructions
provided in any email we send.</p>

<h4>Usage Data</h4>

<p>We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used
("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's
Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the
pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time
spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.</p>

<h4>Tracking & Cookies Data</h4>
<p>We don't use cookies and similar tracking technologies.</p>

<h2>Use of Data</h2> 
<p>Library of Christ Mind Teachings uses the collected data for various purposes:</p>    
<ul>
    <li>To provide and maintain our Service</li>
    <li>To notify you about changes to our Service</li>
    <li>To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so</li>
    <li>To provide customer support</li>
    <li>To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service</li>
    <li>To monitor the usage of our Service</li>
    <li>To detect, prevent and address technical issues</li>

<h2>Transfer of Data</h2>
<p>Your information, including your name and email address is stored on computers 
located in the United States.</p>
<p>If you are located outside the US and
choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data to the Us
and process it there.</p> <p>Your consent
to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information
represents your agreement to that transfer.</p> <p>Library of Christ Mind
Teachings will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data
is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer
of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless
there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and
other personal information.</p>

<h2>Disclosure of Data</h2>

<h3>Legal Requirements</h3>
<p>Library of Christ Mind Teachings may disclose your Personal Data in the good
faith belief that such action is necessary to:</p> <ul> <li>To comply with a
legal obligation</li> <li>To protect and defend the rights or property of
Library of Christ Mind Teachings</li> <li>To prevent or investigate possible
wrongdoing in connection with the Service</li> <li>To protect the personal
safety of users of the Service or the public</li> <li>To protect against legal
liability</li> </ul>

<h2>Security of Data</h2>
<p>The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of
transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure.
While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal
Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.</p>

<h2>Service Providers</h2>
<p>We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our
Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform
Service-related services or assist us in analysing how our Service is used.</p>
<p>These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these
tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other
purpose.</p>

<h3>Analytics</h3>
<p>We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyse the use of our Service.</p>    
<ul>
    <li>
      <p><strong>Google Analytics</strong></p>
      <p>Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that
      tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to
      track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other
      Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualise and
      personalise the ads of its own advertising network.</p>

      <p>You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available
      to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser
      add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js,
      analytics.js and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics
      about visits activity.</p>

      <p>For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit
      the Google Privacy & Terms web page: <a
      href="https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en">https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en</a></p>
    </li>
</ul>

<h2>Links to Other Sites</h2>
<p>Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If
you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site.
We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you
visit.</p>

<p>We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content,
privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.</p>

<h2>Children's Privacy</h2>
<p>Our Service collects the name and email address of anyone establishing an account
with our service including those under the age of 18 ("Children").</p>

<h2>Changes to This Privacy Policy</h2>
<p>We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of
any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.</p>

<p>We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service,
prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the
top of this Privacy Policy.</p>

<p>You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this
page.</p>

<h2>Contact Us</h2>
<p>If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:</p>
<ul>
    <li>By email: rmercer33@gmail.com</li>
    <li>By visiting this page on our website: https://www.christmind.info/acq/contact</li>
</ul>
